# csc207assignment3

Welcome to the final CSC 207 programming assignment. You are free to use any IDE that you wish. This assignment is intended to help you practice basic Java Programming skills, navigate a bit of Java API and understand regular expressions better.

The main problem statement is more of a text analysis and you will learn how to read the contents of a webpage by building a Java application. The assignment requires you to write a program, which reads and analyzes the contents of the Google Scholar Page of an author.
Google Scholar is a freely accessible web search engine that indexes the full text of scholarly literature across an array of publishing formats and disciplines. For this assignment, you need to extract information from the Google Scholar publication page of a number of authors. The format of the link towards the Google Scholar publication page of an author would be like:
http://scholar.google.ca/citations?user=X
where X is the user id. You can search for different authors? names and replace this field with their id.HTML: When you read a webpage, you are actually reading its HTML contents. If you do not know anything about HTML, this wiki page can help you. You don?t need to know HTML in order to complete this assignment.

In this assignment, you need to build a web scrapper for Google Scholar pages. Your program will read a list of Google Scholar URL?S, extract specific information and return the following information. At the end of the handout you can find a screenshot (see last page of this handout) with the location of all these information in a Google Scholar publication page of an Author:i. Name of the Author.ii. Number of All Citations.iii. Number of i10-index after 2009.iv. The title of the first three publications.v. The total number of citations of the first five publications.vi. Number of co-authors on the right side bar. The only essential information needed is the number of all of the co-authors as they appear on the right side bar. You should not follow the URL under ?View all co-authors? link. Zero co-authors are also acceptable.    
vii. The total number of co-authors and all the co-authors? names in alphabetical order ? one name per line. Co-authors from each Author should be stored in a data structure (check Java Collection). Every time your program finds a co-author, the name of the co-author should be added in your data structure. You should avoid duplicates. If the name of the co-author already exists in your structure, you should not add it again. After visiting all the links from the input file, your program should print the total number of co-authors followed by a list of all the co-authors name in alphabetical order. You should print one co-authors name per line.

The program should receive two arguments at its command line:? The first argument, which is mandatory, is a single string of HTML files, where acomma separates each separate HTML file. The entire argument is surrounded by double quotes.Each Google Scholar URL is of the form:http://scholar.google.ca/citations?user=XHowever for this assignment you MUST use the local copies of HTML pagesthat have been provided to you in your SVN repos. This is because the actual HTML pages on the web, change quite often and this will also break your unit tests. You are required to make your assignment work only with the syntactical structure of the local files provided. You do not need to make your assignment work with live Google web pages.? The second argument, which is optional, is a filename to which the program output will be sent. If this argument was not specified, the program output will be sent to the standard system console.Notes:? You have to use the Java Pattern and Matcher class for this assignment.? You also need a Java Collection.? You will not use any libraries for parsing etc. You have to implement this functionality throughregular expression in your code.? You will find the following links useful as you create your regular expression queries.http://www.regexplanet.com/advanced/java/index.html http://regexpal.com/